docs/NAMING_CONVENTION.md, before:

## Contents
- [Code](#code)
    - [Files and Folders](#files-and-folders)
    - [Objects, Variables and Functions](#objects-variables-and-functions)
    - [Components Naming](#components-naming)
    - [Enums](#enums)
    - [Classes, Types and Interfaces](#classes-types-and-interfaces)
    - [Keys](#keys)
    - [Constants](#constants)

  CSS-in-JS
    - [Methodology](#methodology)
    - [Modifiers](#modifiers)
- [GIT](#git)
    - [Commits](#commits)
      - [Message structure](#message-structure)
        - [Type](#type)
        - [Footer](#footer)
        - [Example](#example)
      - [Main Rules](#main-rules)

# Code
### Files and Folders

Use `camelCase` for names of **files** and **folders**. However, for **React components** it is ought to use `PascalCase`.
```
- components
    - IconButton.tsx
- styles
    - colors.ts
    - sizes.ts
```
### Objects, Variables and Functions
Use `camelCase` when naming **objects**, **variables** and **functions** <ins>except functional components</ins>.
Also use the imperative mood when naming functions.
``` tsx
let someVariable = 0;
const someObject = {};
const doSomething = () => {};

// but:
const SomeComponent: React.FC = () => {
    return <></>;
}
```
### Components Naming
Use the **filename** as the **component name**. For example, `BookIcon.tsx` should
have a reference name of  `BookIcon`:
``` ts
import BookIcon from '@atoms/bookIcon/BookIcon';
import BookIcon from '@atoms/BookIcon';
```
### Enums
Use `PascalCase` when naming **enums** and it’s **keys**.
``` ts
enum Mode {
    Contained = 'contained',
    Blank = 'blank',
}
```
### Classes, Types and Interfaces
Use `PascalCase` when naming **types**, **interfaces** and **classes**.
``` ts
class User {
    constructor(options) {
        this.name = options.name;
    }
}
```
Also, use trailing letters `T` and `I` for **types** and **interfaces**.
``` ts
interface IButton {
    mode: Mode;
}
export type TMode = typeof Mode;
```
### Keys
Use `camelCase` when naming objects', classes', types' and interfaces’ **keys** <ins>except ones for constants</ins>.
``` ts
interface IButton {
    mode: Mode;
    title: string;
    iconSize?: number;
}
```
### Constants
Use `PascalCase` when naming **objects of constants** and `UPPER_CASE` for **constants**.
``` ts
const Stacks = {
    AUTH: '@STACKS_AUTH',
    MAIN: '@STACKS_MAIN',
};
const Screens = {
    Auth: {
        SIGN_IN: '@SCREENS_AUTH_SIGN_IN',
    },
}
```
## CSS-in-JS
### Methodology
We use BEM naming methodology as our base. Use `camelCase` for names consisting of several words.
```
blockName__elemName_modName_modValue
```
`blockName` is the name of the parent element, so "parentName" is used in below examples instead.
If there is no parent element for some element (this element is the parent for everything) its style would be named as:
```
elemName_modName_modValue
```
Thus, some imaginary nested structure could look like:
```
elemName
    elemName__elemName1
        elemName1__elemName2
            ...
```
Examples:
``` tsx
<View style={styles.wrapper}>
    <Image style={styles.wrapper__image}/>
</View>
```
``` tsx
<View style={styles.wrapper}>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__cover}>
        <Text style={styles.cover__title}/>
        <Image style={styles.cover__image}/>
    </View>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__content}>
        <Text style={styles.content__text} >...</Text>
        <Button style={
            styles.content__next, // for example if it is "go to the next page" button
        }/>
    </View>
</View>
```

We usually name Views that contain other views as "wrappers". Some nested wrappers examples:
```
parentName__tagsWrapper
parentName__iconsWrapper
```
Try to make `elemName` understandable, it should describe the component where it is used fully, clearly.
If any similar component is added to the parent component there **must be no need to change your element's name**,
except you are exactly sure there won't be any similar components.

In the example above, the structure of the online reader is considered. The page displays
the title, the cover of the book and the text of the work. We know for sure that there can be only one title, image and
content text, so we might use `title, image, text` as elements names. However, this is a rare case, and there must be
an understandable parent name at the same time, therefore, it is preferable to name elements more complex.

### Modifiers
`_modName_modValue`
Use modifier to describe style properties, that should be applied <ins>**only**</ins> when some condition applies.

For example:
- Style for case when component is **disabled**  `parentName__elemName_state_disabled`
- Style for cases when component has **contained mode**  `parentName__elemName_mode_contained`
``` tsx
<View
    style={[
        styles.wrapper,
        mode === 'contained' && styles.wrapper_mode_contained,
    ]}>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__cover}>
        <Text style={styles.cover__title}/>
        <Image style={styles.cover__image}/>
    </View>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__content}>
        <Text style={styles.content__text} >...</Text>
        <Button style={[
            styles.content__next, // for example if it is "go to the next page" button
            disabled && styles.content__next_state_disabled
        ]}/>
    </View>
</View>
```

# GIT
## Commits
### Message Structure
``` html
[<Type>] <Subject>

<Body> - optional

<Footer> - optional
```

#### Type
Enclose it in square brackets `[]`, start with a capital. Should be one of the following:

- `Feat` – a new feature for the user


- `Fix` – a fix for the user


- `Chore` – updating grunt tasks, etc; no production code change ("grunt task" means nothing that an external user would see)


- `Refactor` – refactoring code: optimizing code for reading, using better realisation, etc.


- `Deps` - updating or adding dependencies


- `Docs` – updates to documentation such as README or other markdown files


- `Test` – including new or correcting previous tests


- `Perf` – performance improvements

#### Footer
You can write the name of the task you are working on:

    Task: #861mf4jpl

#### Example

    [Feat] Add default marker component

    Task: #546df5ybk

### Main Rules
1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a period
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters
7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

### 1. Separate subject from body with a blank line

From the `git commit` [manpage](https://mirrors.edge.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-commit.html#_discussion):

> _Though not required, it’s a good idea to begin the commit message with a single short (less than 50 character) line
> summarizing the change, followed by a blank line and then a more thorough description. The text up to the first blank
> line in a commit message is treated as the commit title, and that title is used throughout Git. For example,
> Git-format-patch(1) turns a commit into email, and it uses the title on the Subject line and the rest of the
> commit in the body._

Firstly, not every commit requires both a subject and a body. Sometimes a single line is fine, especially when
the change is so simple that no further context is necessary. For example:

    Fix typo in introduction to user guide

Nothing more need be said.

However, when a commit merits a bit of explanation and context, you need to write a body. For example:

    Derezz the master control program

    MCP turned out to be evil and had become intent on world domination.
    This commit throws Tron's disc into MCP (causing its deresolution)
    and turns it back into a chess game.

In any case, the separation of subject from body pays off when browsing the log. Here’s the full log entry:

```
$ git log
commit 42e769bdf4894310333942ffc5a15151222a87be
Author: Kevin Flynn <kevin@flynnsarcade.com>
Date:   Fri Jan 01 00:00:00 1982 -0200

    Derezz the master control program

    MCP turned out to be evil and had become intent on world domination.
    This commit throws Tron's disc into MCP (causing its deresolution)
    and turns it back into a chess game.
```
And now `git log --oneline`, which prints out just the subject line:

```
$ git log --oneline
42e769 Derezz the master control program
```
Or, `git shortlog`, which groups commits by user, again showing just the subject line for concision:
```
$ git shortlog
Kevin Flynn (1):
    Derezz the master control program

Alan Bradley (1):
    Introduce security program "Tron"

Ed Dillinger (3):
    Rename chess program to "MCP"
    Modify chess program
    Upgrade chess program

Walter Gibbs (1):
    Introduce protoype chess program
```
There are a number of other contexts in Git where the distinction between subject line and body kicks in—but none
of them work properly without the blank line in between.

### 2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters

Keeping subject lines at this length ensures that they are readable, and forces the author to think for a moment
about the most concise way to explain what’s going on.

> _**Tip:** If you’re having a hard time summarizing, you might be committing too many changes at once.
> Strive for [atomic commits](https://www.freshconsulting.com/insights/blog/atomic-commits/) ._

### 3. Capitalize the subject line

This is as simple as it sounds. Begin all subject lines with a capital letter.

For example:

- Accelerate to 88 miles per hour

Instead of:

- ~~accelerate to 88 miles per hour~~

### 4. Do not end the subject line with a period

Trailing punctuation is unnecessary in subject lines. Besides, space is precious when you’re trying to keep them to 50 chars or less.

Example:

- Open the pod bay doors

Instead of:

- ~~Open the pod bay doors.~~

### 5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line

Imperative mood just means “spoken or written as if giving a command or instruction”. A few examples:

- Clean your room
- Close the door
- Take out the trash

Each of the seven rules you’re reading about right now are written in the imperative (“Wrap the body at 72 characters”, etc.).

The imperative can sound a little rude; that’s why we don’t often use it. But it’s perfect for Git commit subject
lines. One reason for this is that **Git itself uses the imperative whenever it creates a commit on your behalf**.

For example, the default message created when using `git merge` reads:

    Merge branch 'myfeature'

And when using `git revert`:

    Revert "Add the thing with the stuff"

    This reverts commit cc87791524aedd593cff5a74532befe7ab69ce9d.

Or when clicking the “Merge” button on a GitHub pull request:

    Merge pull request #123 from someuser/somebranch

So when you write your commit messages in the imperative, you’re following Git’s own built-in conventions. For example:

- Refactor subsystem X for readability
- Update getting started documentation
- Remove deprecated methods
- Release version 1.0.0

**A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence**:

- If applied, this commit will <ins>_your subject line here_</ins>

For example:

- If applied, this commit will _refactor subsystem X for readability_
- If applied, this commit will _update getting started documentation_
- If applied, this commit will _remove deprecated methods_
- If applied, this commit will _release version 1.0.0_
- If applied, this commit will _merge pull request #123 from user/branch_

Notice how this doesn't work for the other non-imperative forms:

- If applied, this commit will _~~fixed bug with Y~~_
- If applied, this commit will _~~changing behavior of X~~_
- If applied, this commit will _~~more fixes for broken stuff~~_
- If applied, this commit will _~~sweet new API methods~~_

> _**Remember**: Use of the imperative is important only in the subject line. You can relax this restriction when you’re
> writing the body._

### 6. Wrap the body at 72 characters

Git never wraps text automatically. When you write the body of a commit message, you must mind its right margin,
and wrap text manually.

The recommendation is to do this at 72 characters, so that Git has plenty of room to indent text while still keeping
everything under 80 characters overall.

### 7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

This commit from Bitcoin Core is a great example of explaining what changed and why:
```
commit eb0b56b19017ab5c16c745e6da39c53126924ed6
Author: Pieter Wuille <pieter.wuille@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 1 22:57:55 2014 +0200

   Simplify serialize.h's exception handling

   Remove the 'state' and 'exceptmask' from serialize.h's stream
   implementations, as well as related methods.

   As exceptmask always included 'failbit', and setstate was always
   called with bits = failbit, all it did was immediately raise an
   exception. Get rid of those variables, and replace the setstate
   with direct exception throwing (which also removes some dead
   code).

   As a result, good() is never reached after a failure (there are
   only 2 calls, one of which is in tests), and can just be replaced
   by !eof().

   fail(), clear(n) and exceptions() are just never called. Delete
   them.
```
Take a look at the [full diff](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/commit/eb0b56b19017ab5c16c745e6da39c53126924ed6)
and just think how much time the author is saving fellow and future committers by taking the time to provide this
context here and now. If he didn't, it would probably be lost forever.

In most cases, you can leave out details about how a change has been made. Code is generally self-explanatory in
this regard (and if the code is so complex that it needs to be explained in prose, that’s what source comments are for).
Just focus on making clear the reasons why you made the change in the first place—the way things worked before
the change (and what was wrong with that), the way they work now, and why you decided to solve it the way you did.

The future maintainer that thanks you may be yourself!

Commit message:

[Docs] Make commit examples clearer

docs/NAMING_CONVENTION.md, after:

## Contents
- [Code](#code)
    - [Files and Folders](#files-and-folders)
    - [Objects, Variables and Functions](#objects-variables-and-functions)
    - [Components Naming](#components-naming)
    - [Enums](#enums)
    - [Classes, Types and Interfaces](#classes-types-and-interfaces)
    - [Keys](#keys)
    - [Constants](#constants)

  CSS-in-JS
    - [Methodology](#methodology)
    - [Modifiers](#modifiers)
- [GIT](#git)
    - [Commits](#commits)
      - [Message structure](#message-structure)
        - [Type](#type)
        - [Footer](#footer)
        - [Example](#example)
      - [Main Rules](#main-rules)

# Code
### Files and Folders

Use `camelCase` for names of **files** and **folders**. However, for **React components** it is ought to use `PascalCase`.
```
- components
    - IconButton.tsx
- styles
    - colors.ts
    - sizes.ts
```
### Objects, Variables and Functions
Use `camelCase` when naming **objects**, **variables** and **functions** <ins>except functional components</ins>.
Also use the imperative mood when naming functions.
``` tsx
let someVariable = 0;
const someObject = {};
const doSomething = () => {};

// but:
const SomeComponent: React.FC = () => {
    return <></>;
}
```
### Components Naming
Use the **filename** as the **component name**. For example, `BookIcon.tsx` should
have a reference name of  `BookIcon`:
``` ts
import BookIcon from '@atoms/bookIcon/BookIcon';
import BookIcon from '@atoms/BookIcon';
```
### Enums
Use `PascalCase` when naming **enums** and it’s **keys**.
``` ts
enum Mode {
    Contained = 'contained',
    Blank = 'blank',
}
```
### Classes, Types and Interfaces
Use `PascalCase` when naming **types**, **interfaces** and **classes**.
``` ts
class User {
    constructor(options) {
        this.name = options.name;
    }
}
```
Also, use trailing letters `T` and `I` for **types** and **interfaces**.
``` ts
interface IButton {
    mode: Mode;
}
export type TMode = typeof Mode;
```
### Keys
Use `camelCase` when naming objects', classes', types' and interfaces’ **keys** <ins>except ones for constants</ins>.
``` ts
interface IButton {
    mode: Mode;
    title: string;
    iconSize?: number;
}
```
### Constants
Use `PascalCase` when naming **objects of constants** and `UPPER_CASE` for **constants**.
``` ts
const Stacks = {
    AUTH: '@STACKS_AUTH',
    MAIN: '@STACKS_MAIN',
};
const Screens = {
    Auth: {
        SIGN_IN: '@SCREENS_AUTH_SIGN_IN',
    },
}
```
## CSS-in-JS
### Methodology
We use BEM naming methodology as our base. Use `camelCase` for names consisting of several words.
```
blockName__elemName_modName_modValue
```
`blockName` is the name of the parent element, so "parentName" is used in below examples instead.
If there is no parent element for some element (this element is the parent for everything) its style would be named as:
```
elemName_modName_modValue
```
Thus, some imaginary nested structure could look like:
```
elemName
    elemName__elemName1
        elemName1__elemName2
            ...
```
Examples:
``` tsx
<View style={styles.wrapper}>
    <Image style={styles.wrapper__image}/>
</View>
```
``` tsx
<View style={styles.wrapper}>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__cover}>
        <Text style={styles.cover__title}/>
        <Image style={styles.cover__image}/>
    </View>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__content}>
        <Text style={styles.content__text} >...</Text>
        <Button style={
            styles.content__next, // for example if it is "go to the next page" button
        }/>
    </View>
</View>
```

We usually name Views that contain other views as "wrappers". Some nested wrappers examples:
```
parentName__tagsWrapper
parentName__iconsWrapper
```
Try to make `elemName` understandable, it should describe the component where it is used fully, clearly.
If any similar component is added to the parent component there **must be no need to change your element's name**,
except you are exactly sure there won't be any similar components.

In the example above, the structure of the online reader is considered. The page displays
the title, the cover of the book and the text of the work. We know for sure that there can be only one title, image and
content text, so we might use `title, image, text` as elements names. However, this is a rare case, and there must be
an understandable parent name at the same time, therefore, it is preferable to name elements more complex.

### Modifiers
`_modName_modValue`
Use modifier to describe style properties, that should be applied <ins>**only**</ins> when some condition applies.

For example:
- Style for case when component is **disabled**  `parentName__elemName_state_disabled`
- Style for cases when component has **contained mode**  `parentName__elemName_mode_contained`
``` tsx
<View
    style={[
        styles.wrapper,
        mode === 'contained' && styles.wrapper_mode_contained,
    ]}>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__cover}>
        <Text style={styles.cover__title}/>
        <Image style={styles.cover__image}/>
    </View>
    <View style={styles.wrapper__content}>
        <Text style={styles.content__text} >...</Text>
        <Button style={[
            styles.content__next, // for example if it is "go to the next page" button
            disabled && styles.content__next_state_disabled
        ]}/>
    </View>
</View>
```

# GIT
## Commits
### Message Structure
``` html
[<Type>] <Subject>

<Body> - optional

<Footer> - optional
```

#### Type
Enclose it in square brackets `[]`, start with a capital. Should be one of the following:

- `Feat` – a new feature for the user


- `Fix` – a fix for the user


- `Chore` – updating grunt tasks, etc; no production code change ("grunt task" means nothing that an external user would see)


- `Refactor` – refactoring code: optimizing code for reading, using better realisation, etc.


- `Deps` - updating or adding dependencies


- `Docs` – updates to documentation such as README or other markdown files


- `Test` – including new or correcting previous tests


- `Perf` – performance improvements

#### Footer
You can write the name of the task you are working on:

    Task: #861mf4jpl

#### Example

    [Feat] Add default marker component

    Task: #546df5ybk

### Main Rules
1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a dot
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters
7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

### 1. Separate subject from body with a blank line

From the `git commit` [manpage](https://mirrors.edge.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-commit.html#_discussion):

> _Though not required, it’s a good idea to begin the commit message with a single short (less than 50 character) line
> summarizing the change, followed by a blank line and then a more thorough description. The text up to the first blank
> line in a commit message is treated as the commit title, and that title is used throughout Git. For example,
> Git-format-patch(1) turns a commit into email, and it uses the title on the Subject line and the rest of the
> commit in the body._

Firstly, not every commit requires both a subject and a body. Sometimes a single line is fine, especially when
the change is so simple that no further context is necessary. For example:

    [Docs] Fix typo in introduction to user guide

Nothing more need be said.

However, when a commit merits a bit of explanation and context, you need to write a body. For example:

    [Feat] Derezz the master control program

    MCP turned out to be evil and had become intent on world domination.
    This commit throws Tron's disc into MCP (causing its deresolution)
    and turns it back into a chess game.

In any case, the separation of subject from body pays off when browsing the log. Here’s the full log entry:

```
$ git log
commit 42e769bdf4894310333942ffc5a15151222a87be
Author: Kevin Flynn <kevin@flynnsarcade.com>
Date:   Fri Jan 01 00:00:00 1982 -0200

    [Feat] Derezz the master control program

    MCP turned out to be evil and had become intent on world domination.
    This commit throws Tron's disc into MCP (causing its deresolution)
    and turns it back into a chess game.
```
And now `git log --oneline`, which prints out just the subject line:

```
$ git log --oneline
42e769 [Feat] Derezz the master control program
```
Or, `git shortlog`, which groups commits by user, again showing just the subject line for concision:
```
$ git shortlog
Kevin Flynn (1):
    [Feat] Derezz the master control program

Alan Bradley (1):
    [Feat] Introduce security program "Tron"

Ed Dillinger (3):
    [Refactor] Rename chess program to "MCP"
    [Fix] Modify chess program
    [Feat] Upgrade chess program

Walter Gibbs (1):
    [Feat] Introduce protoype chess program
```
There are a number of other contexts in Git where the distinction between subject line and body kicks in—but none
of them work properly without the blank line in between.

### 2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters

Keeping subject lines at this length ensures that they are readable, and forces the author to think for a moment
about the most concise way to explain what’s going on.

> _**Tip:** If you’re having a hard time summarizing, you might be committing too many changes at once.
> Strive for [atomic commits](https://www.freshconsulting.com/insights/blog/atomic-commits/) ._

### 3. Capitalize the subject line

This is as simple as it sounds. Begin all subject lines with a capital letter.

For example:

- Accelerate to 88 miles per hour

Instead of:

- ~~accelerate to 88 miles per hour~~

### 4. Do not end the subject line with a period

Trailing punctuation is unnecessary in subject lines. Besides, space is precious when you’re trying to keep them to 50 chars or less.

Example:

- Open the pod bay doors

Instead of:

- ~~Open the pod bay doors.~~

### 5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line

Imperative mood just means “spoken or written as if giving a command or instruction”. A few examples:

- Clean your room
- Close the door
- Take out the trash

Each of the seven rules you’re reading about right now are written in the imperative (“Wrap the body at 72 characters”, etc.).

The imperative can sound a little rude; that’s why we don’t often use it. But it’s perfect for Git commit subject
lines. One reason for this is that **Git itself uses the imperative whenever it creates a commit on your behalf**.

For example, the default message created when using `git merge` reads:

    Merge branch 'myfeature'

And when using `git revert`:

    Revert "Add the thing with the stuff"

    This reverts commit cc87791524aedd593cff5a74532befe7ab69ce9d.

Or when clicking the “Merge” button on a GitHub pull request:

    Merge pull request #123 from someuser/somebranch

So when you write your commit messages in the imperative, you’re following Git’s own built-in conventions. For example:

- Refactor subsystem X for readability
- Update getting started documentation
- Remove deprecated methods
- Release version 1.0.0

**A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence**:

- If applied, this commit will <ins>_your subject line here_</ins>

For example:

- If applied, this commit will _refactor subsystem X for readability_
- If applied, this commit will _update getting started documentation_
- If applied, this commit will _remove deprecated methods_
- If applied, this commit will _release version 1.0.0_
- If applied, this commit will _merge pull request #123 from user/branch_

Notice how this doesn't work for the other non-imperative forms:

- If applied, this commit will _~~fixed bug with Y~~_
- If applied, this commit will _~~changing behavior of X~~_
- If applied, this commit will _~~more fixes for broken stuff~~_
- If applied, this commit will _~~sweet new API methods~~_

> _**Remember**: Use of the imperative is important only in the subject line. You can relax this restriction when you’re
> writing the body._

### 6. Wrap the body at 72 characters

Git never wraps text automatically. When you write the body of a commit message, you must mind its right margin,
and wrap text manually.

The recommendation is to do this at 72 characters, so that Git has plenty of room to indent text while still keeping
everything under 80 characters overall.

### 7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

This commit from Bitcoin Core is a great example of explaining what changed and why:
```
commit eb0b56b19017ab5c16c745e6da39c53126924ed6
Author: Pieter Wuille <pieter.wuille@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 1 22:57:55 2014 +0200

   Simplify serialize.h's exception handling

   Remove the 'state' and 'exceptmask' from serialize.h's stream
   implementations, as well as related methods.

   As exceptmask always included 'failbit', and setstate was always
   called with bits = failbit, all it did was immediately raise an
   exception. Get rid of those variables, and replace the setstate
   with direct exception throwing (which also removes some dead
   code).

   As a result, good() is never reached after a failure (there are
   only 2 calls, one of which is in tests), and can just be replaced
   by !eof().

   fail(), clear(n) and exceptions() are just never called. Delete
   them.
```
Take a look at the [full diff](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/commit/eb0b56b19017ab5c16c745e6da39c53126924ed6)
and just think how much time the author is saving fellow and future committers by taking the time to provide this
context here and now. If he didn't, it would probably be lost forever.

In most cases, you can leave out details about how a change has been made. Code is generally self-explanatory in
this regard (and if the code is so complex that it needs to be explained in prose, that’s what source comments are for).
Just focus on making clear the reasons why you made the change in the first place—the way things worked before
the change (and what was wrong with that), the way they work now, and why you decided to solve it the way you did.

The future maintainer that thanks you may be yourself!
